This ability also wants to become the owner of our Han family
Zhang's Day
Choose you
Chunsheng
I have a task for you
It was supposed to be next month.
Ancestor will give you 50,000 years
Then you can become
Old Ancestor's closed disciple
Yes what
I didn't have one.
But now, of course, Xiaoyong is here
You have to compete with him
with him
I don't have that heart
He's so weak.
Weak or not
You have to compare it later to know
Hahahaha good
Since you, the golden pig, are here, the trash will compare
Then I'll tell you to apologize.
ancestor
I am Han Qiao, the 28th generation head of the Han family
Today, the child is going to have a showdown with Lu Ran
Help the ancestor be a fair judge
Ok I'm watching
Let's get started yeah